Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
вҖӘ[dramatic music playing]
вҖӘ[whispering] Jo.
вҖӘ[music softens]
вҖӘThings could have ended
вҖӘway differently for the both of us.
вҖӘBut youвҖҰ
вҖӘyou thought. and you believed
вҖӘthat you knew better.
вҖӘAnd look where that got you.
вҖӘYou motherfucker!
вҖӘ[music continues]
вҖӘ[cries. sniffles]
вҖӘ-[cassette rewinding]
вҖӘ-[screams]
вҖӘ-[car horns honking]
вҖӘ-[music stops]
вҖӘ[executive] Joyce. you've been amazing
вҖӘas our brand ambassador.
вҖӘ[Joyce chuckles]
вҖӘBut you're not really delivering. girl.
вҖӘto our contractual agreement.
вҖӘIt's two posts per month.
вҖӘOnly one of them requires you
вҖӘto have Mr. Gomora in them.
вҖӘIt shouldn't be that difficult.
вҖӘMaybe it's time for Ivory Oasis Baths
вҖӘto move on with another influencer.
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘTrinityвҖҰ [chuckles]
вҖӘI understand your concerns. believe me.
вҖӘBut. unfortunately. my husband
вҖӘhas been swamped with a lot of work. SoвҖҰ
вҖӘ[both moaning]
вҖӘ-Really?
вҖӘ-Yeah.
вҖӘBecause we've been hearing rumors.
вҖӘ-Oh.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ[lover] Gomora. [moans]
вҖӘI don't know what rumors
вҖӘyou're talking about.
вҖӘbecause my husband and I
вҖӘhave never been happier.
вҖӘActually. our marriage
вҖӘhas never been stronger. you know?
вҖӘ-Mr. Gomora.
вҖӘ-[breathing heavily]
вҖӘ[Joyce] Trinity. listen.
вҖӘmy husband and I. this coming Friday.
вҖӘwill be celebrating our 20th anniversary.
вҖӘ-Hmm? An entire 20 years.
вҖӘ-Oh.
вҖӘAnd we've decided
вҖӘto have a small celebration.
вҖӘSo I think it would be lovely
вҖӘto have you there.
вҖӘ[both breathing heavily]
вҖӘ[Joyce] вҖӘTo celebrate with us
вҖӘand have a good time.
вҖӘso you can see for yourself thatвҖҰ
вҖӘthere's nothing to worry about at all.
вҖӘEverything is going well.
вҖӘ-[Trinity] Mmm.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘWell. if you say so.
вҖӘI guess we'll see you
вҖӘand your husband over the weekend.
вҖӘSpectacular.
вҖӘ[both breathing heavily]
вҖӘ-[glass shatters]
вҖӘ-[both moan]
вҖӘ[upbeat music playing]
вҖӘ-[music stops]
вҖӘ-[breathes sharply]
вҖӘ[suspenseful music playing]
вҖӘ[Joyce] Gomora!
вҖӘ-Jo!
вҖӘ-Listen. listen.
вҖӘThis thing of yours. of just showing up
вҖӘat my house as you please
вҖӘis starting to annoy me.
вҖӘYou little skank.
вҖӘLet me make this very clear.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘ-This is my house.
вҖӘand that man you've decided
вҖӘto shack up with here.
вҖӘand spread your legs for.
вҖӘis also mine.
вҖӘI still have the keys to this house.
вҖӘI can do as I please.
вҖӘJo!
вҖӘMy goodness. Jonasi.
вҖӘJoyce.
вҖӘWow.
вҖӘAnd here's the man of the moment.
вҖӘHere.
вҖӘDo you remember you promised me
вҖӘthat on our 20th anniversary.
вҖӘwe would renew our vows?
вҖӘThat time is now.
вҖӘ[scoffs] You're joking. right?
вҖӘThat invitation you're holding
вҖӘhas been sent to the relevant people.
вҖӘAnd the tailor already has
вҖӘyour measurements.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] Tell me you're joking.
вҖӘ-Oh. and I've decided
вҖӘto invite you too. you cheap little whore.
вҖӘI just want you to taste opulence.
вҖӘsince it's clearly not up your alley.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Joyce.
вҖӘ-My love.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Please give me a few minutes
вҖӘto deal with this.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Mmm.
вҖӘ-[lover] Okay. my love.
вҖӘ-[Jonasi] All right. Mmm.
вҖӘ-Damn. you look hot in that dress.
вҖӘ-[chuckling]
вҖӘMmm.
вҖӘTell me. have you lost your mind?
вҖӘI've worked so damn hard.
вҖӘbuilding all of this.
вҖӘEspecially my brand deal with Ivory Oasis.
вҖӘ-[groans]
вҖӘ-So you will show up
вҖӘ-to the celebrationвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘвҖҰwhether you like it or not.
вҖӘPay attention. It's over. Joyce.
вҖӘAnyways. I've spoken to your barber.
вҖӘAnd I told him to arrange with Buhle
вҖӘto get things organized.
вҖӘ-Wow.
вҖӘ-They'll let you know
вҖӘwhen you can come andвҖҰ
вҖӘprepare yourself.
вҖӘFor our anniversary.
вҖӘ[scoffing]
вҖӘJoyce. Joyce!
вҖӘ[car door opens. closes]
вҖӘ-[engine starts]
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘ[upbeat music playing]
вҖӘ[Joyce] Make sure you're recording.
вҖӘOkay. Sophie.
вҖӘI need for everything to be perfect.
вҖӘPerfect is your flowers
вҖӘflying in from Kenya. darling.
вҖӘ-Ma is going to be involved. right?
вҖӘ-No.
вҖӘ-So she can choose her tier.
вҖӘWith all due respect.
вҖӘmy husband is Jonasi. okay?
вҖӘ-Come on. Joyce.
вҖӘ-No. Ma.
вҖӘ-This is our 20th anniversary.
вҖӘ-Oh. really?
вҖӘ[Joyce] So you've used place mats
вҖӘrather than table sets?
вҖӘYes. place settings.
вҖӘ-options on the serviettes.
вҖӘ-Okay.
вҖӘ-[Sophie] What do you think. Mama Grace?
вҖӘ-This is the fruit cake?
вҖӘAbsolutely.
вҖӘThis one is perfect for Jonasi.
вҖӘBecause it's old and traditional.
вҖӘjust like him.
вҖӘActually. my husband
вҖӘis a fan of chocolate cake.
вҖӘso can we have that?
вҖӘHmm?
вҖӘMmm.
вҖӘWow. these are gorgeous.
вҖӘI love them. all of them.
вҖӘThey're beautiful.
вҖӘYou know what I'm thinking?
вҖӘI'm thinking. let's try
вҖӘsomething youthful. you know?
вҖӘWhen my husband looks at me.
вҖӘI want him to remember
вҖӘthe good old varsity days.
вҖӘ-[chuckles]
вҖӘ-Well. lot has changed since then. Joyce.
вҖӘ[music stops]
вҖӘ[stammers] Cut.
вҖӘCan you give us a moment. please?
вҖӘReally. Mom?
вҖӘMy child.
вҖӘAre you sure about all of this. though?
вҖӘI'm sure.
вҖӘ[sighs]
вҖӘ[Joyce] вҖӘSo. yeah. Let's talk. guys.
вҖӘTell me everything that you want to see.
вҖӘAre you guys liking
вҖӘmy Ivory Oasis content?
вҖӘSINDI_WA_STYLE
вҖӘCAN I PLEASE HAVE THE LOCATION
вҖӘAre you guys tuned in?
вҖӘOh. so what really is the key
вҖӘto a happy marriage?
вҖӘHey! You're coming in hot. [chuckles]
вҖӘIt takes commitment.
вҖӘWe choose each other.
вҖӘAs well as also inviting God.
вҖӘyou know. to be a part of our family.
вҖӘHallelujah.
вҖӘ"This year you're celebrating
вҖӘyour 20th wedding anniversaryвҖҰ
вҖӘTSIDIII:_
вҖӘWOW MAMA JOYCE YOU ARE GLOWING
вҖӘвҖҰwhat can we expect?"
вҖӘTHAN.DO5788
вҖӘWE ALSO WANT THE SOFT LIFE
вҖӘJoyce Gomora. extraordinaire.
вҖӘlover of fine things. [chuckles]
вҖӘ[upbeat music playing]
вҖӘ-Okay. [chuckles]
вҖӘ-You go. girl.
вҖӘ[both vocalizing]
вҖӘTonight it's going to be lit.
вҖӘI'm telling you.
вҖӘ-Who's this?
вҖӘ-[all laugh]
вҖӘYou look nice.
вҖӘThank you. Menzi.
вҖӘ-Ma. we're going out.
вҖӘ-Hmm?
вҖӘOh. you're going out. Where to?
вҖӘCome on. Remember. you said
вҖӘif I ace my Biology. we get to go out?
вҖӘI'm joking. I remember.
вҖӘBut now why are you in such a hurry?
вҖӘSarah. She saw my status
вҖӘand asked that we pick her up.
вҖӘOkay.
вҖӘAnd since your cousin
вҖӘasked you to pick her up.
вҖӘdid she get permission from her mother?
вҖӘWell. I have to ask
вҖӘbecause you know how strict Essie is.
вҖӘI don't know.
вҖӘAll I know is if I don't fetch her.
вҖӘshe'll be blowing up my phone
вҖӘall night long.
вҖӘ-which I don't need.
вҖӘ-And what about your brother?
вҖӘMenzi?
вҖӘ-[Menzi groans]
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Hmm.
вҖӘCome on. Ma. We'll be out until late.
вҖӘOh. come on.
вҖӘMpume. why do you like doing this?
вҖӘWhy do you like acting as if
вҖӘyou're older than your brother. though?
вҖӘMom.
вҖӘplease don't make me take him with me.
вҖӘ[Joyce] Well. listen.
вҖӘthere's only one rule.
вҖӘIt's either you go with your brother.
вҖӘso he can have fun too.
вҖӘand enjoy life a little.
вҖӘor you're all staying in
вҖӘand calling it a night.
вҖӘSo take your pick.
вҖӘ[door slams]
вҖӘ[breathes shakily]
вҖӘ[Grace] You look so beautiful. my girl.
вҖӘ-[pensive music playing]
вҖӘ-Oh. you're so beautiful.
вҖӘWhat's wrong. Joyce?
вҖӘWhat is it?
вҖӘJonasi wants a divorce.
вҖӘJoyce. this man moved out a year ago
вҖӘfrom this house.
вҖӘYou can't be surprised. my dear.
вҖӘNo. Ma.
вҖӘ[maskandi music playing]
вҖӘ[slurring]
вҖӘBeing a man is so difficult. [groans]
вҖӘ-[gate closes]
вҖӘ-AlcoholвҖҰ
вҖӘ-[dog barking]
вҖӘ-UhвҖҰ
вҖӘ-Shit.
вҖӘ-You.
вҖӘYou're not going to sleep in this house.
вҖӘYou'll go back
вҖӘand sleep where you were drinking.
вҖӘNo. no. no. The thing is. my dear mother.
вҖӘ-firstly. I'm too annoyed to argue.
вҖӘ-[scoffs]
вҖӘSecondly.
вҖӘyou are the last person
вҖӘto judge me who I sleep with.
вҖӘ[mother] You're lucky I gave birth to you.
вҖӘOtherwise. I would've strangled you
вҖӘlong time ago.
вҖӘ[son groans]
вҖӘ-Leave me alone.
вҖӘ-Oh. no. No.
вҖӘWait a minute. where are you off to
вҖӘdressed like that?
вҖӘOh. Ma. we're going out.
вҖӘ-With who?
вҖӘ-With Mpume. We're just going to dance
вҖӘ-and have a good time.
вҖӘ-Sarah.
вҖӘI told you to stop hanging with
вҖӘthese kids. they're not your type.
вҖӘ-[Mpume] How are you?
вҖӘ-We're fine.
вҖӘListen. Ma. I promise
вҖӘto bring her back at 10:00. sober.
вҖӘ9:00. not 10:00. 9:00.
вҖӘ-You can go.
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Okay. Ma.
вҖӘ-Goodness.
вҖӘ-At 9:00!
вҖӘ[Mpume] All right.
вҖӘ[son] Oh. wow!
вҖӘ-Nice wheels! What?
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Come on. Free.
вҖӘ-Guys. where is my invite?
вҖӘ-[car door closes]
вҖӘ[grunts. laughing]
вҖӘHey. Menzi. Mamma's boy.
вҖӘTell me. where is the party happening?
вҖӘ-Oh. we're going to see DJ--
вҖӘ-[both] Uh-uh. no. Menzi.
вҖӘReally? What does that have
вҖӘto do with you. Freedom?
вҖӘ-You just need to back off.
вҖӘ-[groans]
вҖӘ-Freedom. just let the kids go. man!
вҖӘ-Let me see. What have we got here?
вҖӘHow about a little beep?
вҖӘ-[horn honks]
вҖӘ-[both laugh]
вҖӘ-[Freedom] Piss off!
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Bye-bye!
вҖӘ-Okay. Sure. yeah. See you all.
вҖӘ-Bye-bye!
вҖӘ-Jonasi. Jonasi!
вҖӘ-[phone rings]
вҖӘUh. Mrs. Gomora. I wasn't expecting you.
вҖӘBuhle. I need to see my husband.
вҖӘUh. he's busy in the boardroom.
вҖӘHe's busy getting ready toвҖҰ
вҖӘGetting ready for what?
вҖӘUmвҖҰ
вҖӘThere's a celebration today
вҖӘwith the shareholders.
вҖӘA celebration? Oh?
вҖӘSo I guess my invitation is still coming?
вҖӘHmm.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Thank you.
вҖӘYou can leave it right there.
вҖӘ[Joyce] My goodness.
вҖӘThis looks like so much fun.
вҖӘAlcohol? Must be nice.
вҖӘ-During work hours.
вҖӘ-What are you doing here?
вҖӘI thought I should come and visit
вҖӘJoyce's husbandвҖҰ
вҖӘand look him dead in the eye
вҖӘwhen I tell him he's got some nerve.
вҖӘJoyce. listen. This is the only way
вҖӘfor you and I to move forward.
вҖӘListen. Jo? You see this?
вҖӘI will not sign this nonsense of yours!
вҖӘAre we clear?
вҖӘYou don't have a choice.
вҖӘI will not lose the one thing
вҖӘI've worked so hard for in my life.
вҖӘ-Do you hear me. Jonasi?
вҖӘ-Joyce. you don't need that.
вҖӘ-I'll take care of you.
вҖӘ-You?
вҖӘ-You'll take care of me?
вҖӘ-Yes.
вҖӘIs this what you call taking care of me?
вҖӘIs that what you call it?
вҖӘJonasi.
вҖӘI'm the one who helped you
вҖӘbuild all of this
вҖӘfor twenty years. Jo. Twenty years!
вҖӘI've given you my whole life.
вҖӘbut you chose to throw all of that away.
вҖӘall of this for that slut.
вҖӘjust for some ass.
вҖӘYou need to leave.
вҖӘI'm not going anywhere.
вҖӘYou can't get rid of me.
вҖӘ-I'm here to stay.
вҖӘ-I'll call security.
вҖӘGo ahead and call them.
вҖӘBuhle!
вҖӘJonasi. what have you become? Tell me?
вҖӘWhat are the kids going to say
вҖӘabout what you've become?
вҖӘGet her out.
вҖӘ-Ma'am. please come with me.
вҖӘ-No! Don't you dare.
вҖӘShut up.
вҖӘAll of you. stop it!
вҖӘI'm far from being done with you. Jonasi.
вҖӘ[exhales sharply]
вҖӘI know my way out.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] Uh. Joyce.
вҖӘYou're forgetting something.
вҖӘ[dramatic music playing]
вҖӘ[Joyce clicks tongue]
вҖӘ[screams]
вҖӘ[breathing heavily]
вҖӘ["Ngibolekeni" playing]
вҖӘ[people kissing]
вҖӘ[moans]
вҖӘYou know I have to leave soon. right?
вҖӘOh. come on.
вҖӘ[lover] I told you
вҖӘI have to go to the gym tomorrow.
вҖӘAre you coming with?
вҖӘMm-mmm. Mpume will drop me off.
вҖӘ-All right.
вҖӘ-Mmm.
вҖӘ-[friend] Well. then. travel safe.
вҖӘ-My king.
вҖӘ-All right. man. Cool. bro.
вҖӘ-As always. my boy.
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Bye. X. [chuckles]
вҖӘ-Bye. Take care.
вҖӘ-Bye-bye. [kisses]
вҖӘ-These two really look good together.
вҖӘ[chuckles]
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Lindani.
вҖӘ-What? That's my man.
вҖӘOkay. tell me.
вҖӘAren't these bottles expensive?
вҖӘI don't know. I guess.
вҖӘ[Lindani]
вҖӘAre you here to do a price check.
вҖӘor drink alcohol?
вҖӘ-Hey. piss off!
вҖӘ-Come on. man. Come on. big guy.
вҖӘI'm not here to cause a commotion.
вҖӘbig guy.
вҖӘThere's something really important
вҖӘI have to handle in there.
вҖӘI think my girlfriend is in there
вҖӘhaving a good time with another man.
вҖӘPlease let me in. you know?
вҖӘ[grunts] Please. my brother.
вҖӘHere's to life. and here's to money!
вҖӘLeave this here.
вҖӘthe life of the party has arrived.
вҖӘ-Take this. Me-Me. There we go.
вҖӘ-[laughs]
вҖӘGuys. is this your little party?
вҖӘ-Freedom. what are you doing here?
вҖӘ-Oh?
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Menzi called him.
вҖӘ-Mm-hmm.
вҖӘCome on. guys. we're here to have fun.
вҖӘ-not bombard Freedom with questions.
вҖӘ-[laughs]
вҖӘCheers to that!
вҖӘ[dance music playing]
вҖӘMy brother's here.
вҖӘ[grunts]
вҖӘUh. okay. boundaries. I know.
вҖӘUm. I'm sorry.
вҖӘ[chuckles] What's wrong with you?
вҖӘSo what's your excuse
вҖӘfor not going there to talk to her?
вҖӘNo. Why?
вҖӘI mean that girl over there.
вҖӘIt's obvious that you like her.
вҖӘFreedom. you're out of your mind.
вҖӘThat's my sister's friend.
вҖӘ-[laughing]
вҖӘ-She's like a sister to me.
вҖӘ-Why are you laughing?
вҖӘ-Shame.
вҖӘ-What's funny? I'm serious. Eish.
вҖӘ-Come on. man. Meaning. huh?
вҖӘYou know what the funny thing is?
вҖӘYou look really scared.
вҖӘBut you know what? Relax. boy.
вҖӘThe doctor is here.
вҖӘDoctor Freedom. boy.
вҖӘYou see.
вҖӘI have something special for you. my dawg.
вҖӘSomething to help you.
вҖӘOh. my goodness.
вҖӘwhat are you doing? [chuckles]
вҖӘThis will help you so that you can relax
вҖӘand enhance your mood.
вҖӘLoosen up a little bit.
вҖӘ-so you can feel good. you know?
вҖӘ-Mm-mmm.
вҖӘSo you can build the courage
вҖӘand go talk to her. you know?
вҖӘ-Take some of this. my boy.
вҖӘ-Mm-mmm. I do not do drugs. my brother.
вҖӘOh. come on. man. Just say. "Ah."
вҖӘ-No. no. no.
вҖӘ-Hey. I said. "Ah!"
вҖӘDo you wanna talk to her or don't you?
вҖӘ-[sighs] Freedom. my brotherвҖҰ
вҖӘ-I said. "Ah!"
вҖӘ-Okay. then. "Ah."
вҖӘ-"Ah." There we go.
вҖӘ[laughing] Let's start this party!
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Yes!
вҖӘ-[Lindani] Cheers to life!
вҖӘ[breathing heavily]
вҖӘ[distorted audio]
вҖӘ[distorted indistinct dialogue]
вҖӘ[breathes heavily]
вҖӘ[no audible dialogue]
вҖӘ-What are you trying to do?
вҖӘ-No!
вҖӘ-No! No!
вҖӘ-What are you trying toвҖҰ
вҖӘ[Menzi]
вҖӘHey. hey! Didn't you hear the lady?
вҖӘ-[groans]
вҖӘ-I'll kill you. you son of a bitch.
вҖӘ-I'll kill you!
вҖӘ-[Mpume] Menzi! Menzi!
вҖӘ-Don't touchвҖҰ Don't hold me!
вҖӘ-[patrons screaming]
вҖӘ-Get your hands off my brother!
вҖӘ-Fuck you! Let go of me!
вҖӘLet go of me! Don't touch me! [grunts]
вҖӘ[bouncer] Hey! What the hell is going
вҖӘon here? What are you people doing?
вҖӘ-Hey! Hey! Get the hell out of here!
вҖӘ-Ah! Leave us alone!
вҖӘ-Fuck off!
вҖӘ-[clamoring]
вҖӘYou think I'm afraid of you?
вҖӘ-Ah. no!
вҖӘ-Fuck off!
вҖӘ[clamoring]
вҖӘ-Let's go!
вҖӘ-[Menzi] Screw you guys!
вҖӘ-Let's go! They'll find us here. boys.
вҖӘ-Menzi.
вҖӘThank you so much
вҖӘfor being my Superman tonight.
вҖӘ[exclaims]
вҖӘThat's what I'm talking about. my boy!
вҖӘ[exhales sharply]
вҖӘ[shoes thud]
вҖӘ[phone buzzing]
вҖӘSophie.
вҖӘIs the anniversary party canceled?
вҖӘWhy are you asking me that?
вҖӘWhat have you heard?
вҖӘWell. someone called me and told me
вҖӘMr. Gomora is flying out to Zim tomorrow.
вҖӘWho told you that?
вҖӘWell. is he leaving?
вҖӘ[breathes sharply]
вҖӘSophie. I'll get back to you. okay?
вҖӘI'm a bit busy right now.
вҖӘ[phone beeps]
вҖӘ[thuds]
вҖӘ-[exhales sharply]
вҖӘ-[glass thuds]
вҖӘJo?
вҖӘ[both moaning]
вҖӘ[Joyce] Jo?
вҖӘ[thuds]
вҖӘ[gasps]
вҖӘ-Wow. [gasps]
вҖӘ-Do you like it?
вҖӘ[Joyce] Mm-mmm. I don't like it.
вҖӘ-Huh?
вҖӘ-I love it. I love it.
вҖӘ-[Joyce] Thanks. I love it.
вҖӘ-I almost fainted. Don't play with me.
вҖӘ[Joyce] вҖӘI love you even more.
вҖӘ[Jonasi] вҖӘI love you.
вҖӘ-Mm-mmm. not here.
вҖӘ-What is it? Come on.
вҖӘThe kids are going to walk in on us.
вҖӘOh. wow.
вҖӘWhatвҖҰ
вҖӘ[gasps]
вҖӘ[dramatic music playing]
вҖӘ[both moaning]
вҖӘ-[shrieks. gasps] Shit!
вҖӘ-[shatters]
вҖӘ[breathing heavily]
вҖӘOh. shвҖҰ
вҖӘOh!
вҖӘ[moaning continues]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm